You'll create a trivia game that shows only one question until the player answers it or their time runs out.

If the player selects the correct answer, show a screen congratulating them for choosing the right option. After a few seconds, display the next question -- do this without user input.

The scenario is similar for wrong answers and time-outs.

If the player runs out of time, tell the player that time's up and display the correct answer. Wait a few seconds, then show the next question.
If the player chooses the wrong answer, tell the player they selected the wrong option and then display the correct answer. Wait a few seconds, then show the next question.
On the final screen, show the number of correct answers, incorrect answers, and an option to restart the game (without reloading the page).
#bdbbbb
http://jsfiddle.net/wanwu/mAcaM/

STEPS:

create 'start' button with onclick function.

	- clicking the button should display the question#1 with the answer options
	
	- The timer should be active when the question is displayed.

	- once the timer stops/ends, next question should be in the screen.

create conditions
	- right answer 
	- wrong answer
	- completed quiz
	- quiz score
	- restart the quiz


questions:
CSS Stands for...
 A) Computer Styled Sections
 B) Cascading Style Sheets
 C) Crazy Solid Shapes
 D) None of the above

HTML stands for...
 A) Hyper Text Markup Language
 B) Hello Text Mark Language
 C) Hyper Text Math Language
 D) None of the above

 Choose the correct HTML element for the largest heading:
 <h6>
 <heading>
 <h1>
 <head>

In what year was the first Apple computer released?
1976

In a website browser address bar what does "www" stand for?
World Wide Web

What year was Facebook founded?
2004

In computer science, what does "GUI" stand for?
Graphical user interface

In database programming, SQL is an acronym for what?
Structured query language

When referring to computer memory, what does that acronym RAM stand for?
Random Access Memory

1,024 Gigabytes is equal to one what?
Terabyte
